Help/GettingStarted.md, before:

﻿## Getting Started

### Background

Rince DCS can be used to edit Joystick layouts as long as initally the Joystick is plugged into the computer.

Once your Rince DCS file is saved you can unplug the Joystick and still open Rince DCS and edit it as the details of the Joystick are saved in the file.

Editing Joystick layouts is independent of DCS Game Instances.

Rince DCS remmebers the last file saved/opened and will open it automatically when it is started.

Viewing commands assigned to Joystick layouts requires you to choose a DCS Instance and the Aircraft you wish to view.

### Suggested steps for editing Joystick Layouts

1. Source images of your required Joysticks. These should be in PNG format.
1. Make sure your joysticks are plugged in.
1. On the [Edit Joysticks Page](EditJoysticks.md) configure your Joystick layouts.
1. [Save](SaveFile.md) your Rince DCS file.

### Suggested steps for viewing DCS Commands mapped to Joystick layouts

1. In DCS for each Aircraft setup your controls.
1. Then export to HTML the controls for each Aircraft you wish to view.
1. Start Rince DCS.
1. Setup/Select your game [Instances](InstancesDialog.md).
1. Select [View Joysticks Page](ViewJoysticks.md) or [View Bindings Page](Bindings.md).
1. Choose the Aircraft to view.

Commit message:

Add limitations section to getting started help section.

Help/GettingStarted.md, after:

﻿## Getting Started

### Background

Rince DCS can be used to edit Joystick layouts as long as initally the Joystick is plugged into the computer.

Once your Rince DCS file is saved you can unplug the Joystick and still open Rince DCS and edit it as the details of the Joystick are saved in the file.

Editing Joystick layouts is independent of DCS Game Instances.

Rince DCS remmebers the last file saved/opened and will open it automatically when it is started.

Viewing commands assigned to Joystick layouts requires you to choose a DCS Instance and the Aircraft you wish to view.

### Limitations

1. Will not work when DCS is running as it cannot access some of the files it needs as DCS has a lock on them.

### Suggested steps for editing Joystick Layouts

1. Source images of your required Joysticks. These should be in PNG format.
1. Make sure your joysticks are plugged in.
1. On the [Edit Joysticks Page](EditJoysticks.md) configure your Joystick layouts.
1. [Save](SaveFile.md) your Rince DCS file.

### Suggested steps for viewing DCS Commands mapped to Joystick layouts

1. In DCS for each Aircraft setup your controls.
1. Then export to HTML the controls for each Aircraft you wish to view.
1. Start Rince DCS.
1. Setup/Select your game [Instances](InstancesDialog.md).
1. Select [View Joysticks Page](ViewJoysticks.md) or [View Bindings Page](Bindings.md).
1. Choose the Aircraft to view.
